bitcoin has seen another price surge
recently after taking quite a hit the
digital currency is no stranger to price
fluctuations in the past few years some
countries have accepted Bitcoin and
others reject it you came here for the
truth
so let me unveil that for you today we
will talk exclusively about Bitcoin I
want to mention the price I want to
mention the different countries let's
get into this right away for the country
which is made it illegal you have to
hang on to the end let's start with who
has accepted it as being a legal method
of payment and that is Japan Japan is
set to begin recognizing Bitcoin as a
legal method of payment starting
tomorrow the country's Legislature
passed a law following month of debate
that brought Bitcoin exchanges under
anti muttering money laundering know
your customer rules while also
categorizing Bitcoin is kind of a
prepaid payment instrument someone say
this isn't a good thing and it should
just be remain you know underground that
there shouldn't be any rules around it
and a lot of people I would say are not
too happy about that but for the future
of Bitcoin perhaps it's a good thing I'm
indifferent to it I think that as a
method of payment Bitcoin is great
because it allows that ability to
transact between two people over long
distances using this very very cheap
method to do so I think it's able to
have its effect where countries are
let's just say restrictive on the money
they can bring out of there in and out
of the countries and this allows them to
do that whether or not you know not
advising anybody to do that let's just
say but it's just the way it is and I
think that has that ability to do so I
think it's very strong at that it's a
debate that began in the wake of the
collapse of mount
GOx now the defunct Bitcoin exchange
that shuttered after months of growing
complications and in the end revelations
of insolvency and alleged fraud everyone
knows what happened with that I'm not
going to get into it but essentially
there
concerned about the fraud and all this
stuff so they were that's what their
debate was supposedly about I don't want
to see it getting restricted that's my
problem with you know bringing it unto
the government regulations and
everything else because then they have
control over it and that's the big big
problem that I see but we'll see where
this goes
I think it's at least on the surface
level it's good that the country is
saying ok we're not going to make it
illegal because I think that's a very
very bad idea when you do make something
illegal not necessarily maybe you just
you know let it slide it's different but
making it illegal I think is not a good
idea
develops a black market and everything
else just like with your prohibition of
alcohol this is the price of Bitcoin you
could see that when they suggested that
you know there may not be an ETF the
prices come down ever since you know it
did spike quite a bit but it not so much
as the price had seen during the 2013 up
until 2013 spike obviously and now here
we have it today approximately and could
it continue it has been on a rise over
the past a little while here but I'm
going to keep a very close eye on it and
of course I will discuss that with you
this is a as of this recording the
current price 1141 let's just talk
quickly about what happened throughout
2013 you know towards into 2014 here you
can see dramatic rise the hockey stick
shape that is clearly evident I would
say less sustainable than what had
happened more recently where you have
this slow and steady you also you know
it is a quick pace but not dramatic as
last time and should the price come down
I believe that in the next rise the
price will even be even more slow and
drama and less dramatic and it will have
more backers behind it it's going to be
stronger and everything else so I do
believe that as time goes on it's going
to find its place and it will be
stronger
right here let's cut to the chase India
the government today said the use of
virtual currencies like Bitcoin is not
authorized by the RBI and could result
in a breach of anti money money
laundering provisions so the use of
Bitcoin is illegal and this is what
India has done they've trying to
basically rein in on the currency you
had seen I think it was 86 percent or so
of the currency was you know brought
back in I think that this is not a good
idea
you know just we just think about what
they're trying to do i I don't like it
at all at the same time they're trying
to track all the transactions but
they're trying to do it in their own way
it's central bank multiple control
obviously just like most central bank's
they they want to be able to control and
manipulate the money supply and being
able to transact in bitcoins takes it
away from them so I do believe that they
are on the opposite end of the spectrum
from what is happening in Japan right
now so I do believe that the future has
cryptocurrencies bitcoins everything
else to get larger whether you know your
opinion on them doesn't matter what I
believe is that there's going to be more
attraction to them there's going to be
more investment in them whether or not
there's an ETF whether or not they're
you know accepted by different countries
I just believe that there's going to be
more investment and more of an interest
in digital currencies crypto currencies
Bitcoin blockchain all of this business
I do believe it's going to get bigger
and I think we should keep our eyes
peeled if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
when you give me a thumbs up it pushes
the videos higher up into the YouTube
search rankings so I appreciate that
very much if you found the video
informative then you'll find my books
the money GPS and the global economic
collapse even more informative
nubuck global economic collapse is out
it's available it's in paper format
paperback format it's in Kindle format
and very soon I've already finished
recording it it will be in audiobook
format so stay tuned for that and I will
notify everybody when that's available
on my website people have asked is it
going to be available on audible or
Amazon unfortunately not because I'm a
Canadian they don't want me in there
apparently I guess so there it's not
available on Amazon it can't be in audio
format at this time until Amazon allows
Canadian authors to create audiobooks on
their system so I'm waiting for that
that's all for this video
take care